I believe The Enigma Recreation Project is within scope and my abilities for this upcoming semester. I have been working with Fusion360 for over five years and have taught classes focused on 3D printing and 3d modeling. 

A lot of this project is complex but is an extension and next steps of concepts on which I have been working. For example, my recent Handheld game console created as a final project last semester required fusion360, 3D printing, PCB Design, and more.  
I hope that past projects and experience will help make this project go smoothly and allow me to complete something bigger than all of my past projects

The main challenges I foresee are focused on the complexity of an enigma machine and the amount of time I will have to work on the project within the upcoming semester. The current model I have designed consists of seven unique parts and that is only one portion of the overall design. Another side of the project that could involve challenges would be the museum exhibit, it would be further from anything else I have done then the rest of the project and can be hard to judge and adjust to a point where it is interesting to the people interacting with it. Although there will probably be other challenges that will come up during the project I believe that they should be possible to overcome or be adapted around.

Areas where I would most like feedback include the description of the mechanisms and concepts behind the enigma machine. The enigma machine has felt hard to describe especially in writing and I want to make sure I can write a good explanation. The rest of the specific feedback I want on the project will probably come later surrounding the mechanisms behind the enigma machine and the ability to bounce ideas off people with more experience in the given area.