{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa240 \uc0\u8220{}B3313 Map.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed February 28, 2026. https://www.reddit.com/media?url=https%3A%2F%2Fi.redd.it%2Fz1d8n3g8nbpe1.jpeg.\
\uc0\u8220{}B3313 (Super Mario 64 Internal Plexus) | RHDC.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed March 2, 2026. https://romhacking.com/hack/b3313-super-mario-64-internal-plexus.\
DELTARUNE. \uc0\u8220{}DELTARUNE.\uc0\u8221{} January 27, 2026. https://deltarune.com.\
Gabri Lovecraft. {\i{}B3313 The Longer Video}. 2024. 47:21. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-QjeCe7zV54.\
Hollow Knight Wiki. \uc0\u8220{}Hollow Knight | Void Heart Quest.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed March 2, 2026. https://hollowknight.fandom.com/wiki/Void_Heart.\
Hollow Knight Wiki. \uc0\u8220{}Hollow Knight: Silksong | Mission: Silk and Soul.\uc0\u8221{} February 3, 2026. https://hollowknight.wiki/w/Silk_and_Soul.\
Kirby Wiki. \uc0\u8220{}Milky Way Wishes.\uc0\u8221{} February 27, 2026. https://kirby.fandom.com/wiki/Milky_Way_Wishes.\
loopy-lupe. \uc0\u8220{}Nathalie F.\uc0\u8221{} Tumblr. {\i{}Tumblr}, n.d. Accessed April 27, 2026. https://loopy-lupe.tumblr.com/post/165831079900/stardust.\
Lopez, Stefan Miguel. \uc0\u8220{}Star Fox 64: All Alternate Routes.\uc0\u8221{} Game Rant, November 2, 2021. https://gamerant.com/star-fox-64-alternate-routes-guide/.\
pappo. {\i{}Shipwrecked 64}. 2024. 1:32:17. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VFKEjISKt1s.\
Particular Mushroom. {\i{}Donkey Kong Country: Bonus Rooms}. 2026. 13:41. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uKf60eMxb44.\
Power Pak. {\i{}MyHouse.WAD}. 2023. 1:42:00. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wAo54DHDY0.\
Rain World Wiki. \uc0\u8220{}Rain World Wiki.\uc0\u8221{} December 12, 2025. https://rainworld.miraheze.org/wiki/Rain_World_Wiki.\
Razor & Zenon Sonic Videos. {\i{}Sonic Hack - Post Traumatic Marble Zone Disorder}. 2025. 17:49. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPp0OdLGsf4.\
Sonic Wiki Zone. \uc0\u8220{}Sonic: Level Up Items.\uc0\u8221{} March 1, 2026. https://sonic.fandom.com/wiki/Level_Up_Item.\
\uc0\u8220{}\uc0\u8217{}The.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed March 1, 2026. https://www.smwcentral.net/?p=section&a=details&id=41112.\
The Luigi. {\i{}B3313 The Quicker Video}. 2024. 12:36. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JiNiwcqGw3s.\
{\i{}Tunic Instruction Booklet}. n.d. https://book.tunic.wiki/books/tunic_manual_untranslated.pdf.\
UNDERTALE. \uc0\u8220{}UNDERTALE.\uc0\u8221{} January 27, 2026. https://UNDERTALE.com.\
Voices of the Void Wiki. \uc0\u8220{}Voices of the Void: Events.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed March 2, 2026. https://voicesofthevoid.wiki.gg/wiki/Events.\
Zelda Wiki. \uc0\u8220{}Zelda II: The Adventure of Link.\uc0\u8221{} March 1, 2026. https://zelda.fandom.com/wiki/Zelda_II:_The_Adventure_of_Link.\
}